Update simulation docs (#1245)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/user_docs/docs/manual/Simulation.rst

   wout = sqw_eval(win, @my_sqw_func, p, 'all');

The syntax for ``sqw_eval`` is almost identical to that of ``func_eval``. The
only difference is the form of the function required ``my_sqw_func``,

.. warning::

   The function supplied to ``sqw_eval`` must be of the form:

   .. code-block:: matlab

      weight = my_sqw_func(qh, qk, ql, en, p)

   where ``qh, qk, ql, en`` are arrays that contain the co-ordinates in
   :math:`h, k, l` and energy of each point in the dataset, irrespective of the
   dimensionality of the representative ``dnd``.

- ``p`` is a row-vector containing the parameters required by the
  function.

.. note::

   These could be the values of exchange constants, intensity scale factor, or
   temperature, for example.

One would generally use ``sqw_eval`` in preference to ``func_eval`` if, for
example, one had a model of the spin-wave cross-section for magnetic scattering.

dispersion
==========

Calculate dispersion relation for dataset or array of datasets.

.. code-block:: matlab

   [wdisp,weight] = dispersion(win, dispreln, p)   % dispersion and spectral weight

The output dataset (or array of data sets), ``wdisp``, will retain only the Q

> axes, and the signal array(s) will contain the values of energy along the Q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
axes, and the signal array(s) will contain the values of energy at the relevant Q
```

> axes. If the dispersion relation returns the spectral weight, this will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
points. If the dispersion relation returns the spectral weight, this will be
```
A bit of a stab in the dark, happy to be corrected on this.

the error array).

.. note::

   The dispersion relation is calculated at the bin centres, i.e. the
   individual pixel information in an ``sqw`` object is not used.

Inputs:

- ``win`` - Dataset (or array of datasets) that provides the axes and points for
  the calculation. If one of the plot axes is energy transfer, then the output
  dataset will have dimensionality one less than the input dataset.

- ``dispreln`` - Handle to function that calculates the dispersion relation
  w(Q) and spectral weight, S(Q).

- ``p`` Arguments needed by the function that calculates the dispersion
  relation(s). Most commonly, a vector of parameter values e.g. ``[A, js, gam]``
  as intensity, exchange, lifetime. If a more general set of parameters is
  required by the dispersion relation function, then package these into a cell
  array ``{p, c1, c2, ...}``.

.. _dispreln:

.. warning::

   The function ``dispreln`` must be of the form:

   .. code-block:: matlab

      [w, s] = dispreln(qh, qk, ql, p, c1, c2, ..)

   where the inputs are:

   - ``qh, qk, ql`` - Arrays containing the coordinates of a set of points in
     reciprocal lattice units

>    - ``p`` - Vector of parameters needed by dispersion function, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - ``p`` - Vector or cell array of parameters needed by dispersion function, e.g.
```

     ``[A, js, gam]`` as intensity, exchange, lifetime

   - ``c1, c2, ...`` **[Optional]** - Other constant parameters e.g. file name
     for look-up table

   and the outputs are:

   - ``w`` - Array of corresponding energies, or, if more than one dispersion
     relation, a cell array of arrays.

   - ``s`` **[Optional]** - Array of corresponding spectral weights, or, if more
     than one dispersion relation, a cell array of arrays.

Outputs:

- ``wdisp`` Output dataset or array of datasets. Output is always a ``dnd``. The
  output dataset (or array of data sets) will retain only the Q axes, the the

>   signal array(s) will contain the values of energy along the Q axes, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  signal array(s) will contain the values of energy at the Q points, and the
```
still guessing
